Close #15358: Refactor Park Set Name (#17617)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Feature: [#13634] Add ability to sell merchandise in random colours.
- Feature: [#16662] Show a warning message when g2.dat is mismatched.

> - Improvement: [#15358] Park name can now contain up to 128 characters.

Reviewer: Should there be also a mention that scenario names are up to 256?

Author: ```suggestion
- Improvement: [#15358] Park and scenario names can now contain up to 128 characters.
```
